Spark RSR docs for FilOz review (#6)
filecoin-project/service-classes: service-level-indicators/spark-retrieval-success-rate.md

In the future, and when Spark is compatible with Direct Data Onboarding (DDO), there will be real-time deal ingestion into the Spark Eligible Deal database when storage deals are made ([GitHub tracking issue](https://github.com/space-meridian/roadmap/issues/144)). This will mean that new SPs will not need to wait for up to a week to get a Spark score.

The end result of the Deal Ingestion step is a database of all Eligible Deals that should be retrievable.

## Task Sampling

> Each round of the Spark protocol is approximately 20 minutes. At the start of each round, the [Spark tasking service randomly selects a set of records](https://github.com/filecoin-station/spark-api/blob/f77aa4269ab8c19ff64b9b9ff22462c29a6b8514/api/lib/round-tracker.js#L310) from all [Eligible Deal](#eligible-deal) . We refer to each of these records as a [**Retrieval Task**](#retrieval-task)  [](Spark%20Request-Based%20(Non-Committee)%20Global%20Retriev%204c5e8c47c45f467f80392d00cac2aae4.md)and, specifically, it is the combination of an Eligible Deal and a Round Id. We will also refer to the set of Retrieval Tasks in the round as the [Round Retrieval Task List](#round-retrieval-task-list). 

Author: ```suggestion
Each round of the Spark protocol is approximately 20 minutes. At the start of each round, the [Spark tasking service randomly selects a set of records](https://github.com/filecoin-station/spark-api/blob/f77aa4269ab8c19ff64b9b9ff22462c29a6b8514/api/lib/round-tracker.js#L310) from all [Eligible Deals](#eligible-deal). We refer to each of these records as a [**Retrieval Task**](#retrieval-task)  and, specifically, it is the combination of an Eligible Deal and a Round Id. We will also refer to the set of Retrieval Tasks in the round as the [Round Retrieval Task List](#round-retrieval-task-list). 
```

Author: Done in https://github.com/filecoin-project/service-classes/pull/7 .  Resolving.

    - Created during [Evaluating Measurements with Spark-Evaluate](#evaluating-measurements-with-spark-evaluate)s.  This is what is stored off chain, with a pointer on chain.
    - Created by Spark-Evaluate
    - Consumed by Spark-Evaluate

### Provider Retrieval Result Stats

```jsx
{
  "date": "<YYYY-MM-DD>",
  "meta": {
    "rounds": [
      {
        "index": "<roundIndex>",
        "contractAddress": "<contractAddress>",
        // This is the "Retrieval Task List" for the round.
        "details": { "/": "<cid>" }
        // These are the "Retrieval Task Measurements" that are uploaded as part of "Reporting Measurements to Spark-API".  
        "measurementBatches": [{ "/": "<cid>" }, ...],
        "sparkEvaluateVersion": {
          "gitCommit": "<hash>",
        },
      },
      ...
    ]
  },
  "providerRetrievalResultStats": [
    {
      "providerId": "<providerId>",
      "successful": <n>,
      "total": <n>
    },
    ...
  ]
}
```

- Created by X on a daily basis as part of Y
- Consumed by anyone wanting to analyze or display SP retrievability performance.

> ## Callouts/Concerns with this SLI

Author: TODO: add one that checker traffic is pretty easy to differentiate from real traffic (given checker traffic only requests the `payloadCid`).  Basically a SP could just return to payloadCid requests, have 100% Spark RSR, but actually not enabling guaranteed retrieval.

Author: Done in https://github.com/filecoin-project/service-classes/pull/7. Resolving.

> ## Callouts/Concerns with this SLI

Reviewer: Let's discuss the ideas in https://github.com/space-meridian/roadmap/issues/190
